README.md, before:

# Team Profile Generator

## Description

This application will take in information about employees on a software engineering team, then generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. This project demonstrates use of OOP and TDD using Jest. 

## Tables of Contents

* Installation
* Usage
* License
* Contributing
* Tests
* Question

## Installation

User should clone the repository of the project from gitHub into th VS code and download Node js. This application uses Jest also requires inquirer module.

## Usage


The outcome of the generated HTML’s appearance and functionality project:

![HTML webpage titled “My Team” features five boxes listing employee names, titles, and other key info.](./Assets/14-object-oriented-programming-challenge-demo.png)



## License
MIT

## Constributing

Provide to the installation section.

## Tests
Run npm test to run Jest

## Questions

If you have any questions about thiis project, please contact me directly : 
Email : noeamelyaofficial@hotmail.com
GitHub : https://github.com/noeamelya/


 

© 2023 N Amelya

Commit message:

add video output the html

README.md, after:

# Team Profile Generator

## Description

This application will take in information about employees on a software engineering team, then generates an HTML webpage that displays summaries for each person. This project demonstrates use of OOP and TDD using Jest. 

## Tables of Contents

* Installation
* Usage
* License
* Contributing
* Tests
* Question

## Installation

User should clone the repository of the project from gitHub into th VS code and download Node js. This application uses Jest also requires inquirer module.

## Usage

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z6LH5DyXLuwDZGR8TO7r_GrAuOlLuCtg/view

The output of the generated HTML’s appearance and functionality project:

![Watch this video](./assets/TeamProfileGen.gif)

![output index.html](./assets/teamProfGen.png)


## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Constributing

Provide to the installation section.

## Tests
Run npm test to run Jest

## Questions

If you have any questions about thiis project, please contact me directly : 
Email : noeamelyaofficial@hotmail.com
GitHub : https://github.com/noeamelya/


 

© 2023 N Amelya
